.Dd August 10, 2014
.Dt MKMNFST 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm mkmnfst
.Nd post your PGP-signed manifesto to mnfst
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm mkmnfst
.Op Fl 0
.Op Fl r Ar keyid
.Op Fl s Ar server_name
.Op file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility posts a manifesto to mnfst.
This manifesto is signed with your PGP key.
.
If a file is passed, that file is posted.
If the file is given as "-", the message is read from standard input.
If no file is passed it opens your editor, then posts the resulting file.
Abnormally terminating your editor cancels the program.
It supports these options and arguments:
.
.Bl -tag
.It Fl 0
Use HTTP instead of HTTPS to connect to the server.
This is typically less secure and not supported by most servers so only disable
HTTPS if you know what you are doing.
This flag is a zero, not the vowel.
.It Fl r Ar keyid
Use the specified keyid as the PGP key.
.It Fl s Ar server_name
Send the manifesto to
.Ar server_name
instead of the default server.
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Bl -tag -width PKG_TMPDIR
.It Ev VISUAL
The editor to use when the user passes no file.
If
.Ev VISUAL
is not set, fall back to
.Ev EDITOR .
If
.Ev EDITOR
is not set, fall back to
.Pa /bin/ed .
The value of
.Ev VISUAL
must be the path to an editor that runs in the foreground.
.It Ev GPGME_DEBUG
Get extra debugging information by setting this to a value between 0 and 7.
.El
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXIT STATUS
.\" For sections 1, 6, and 8 only.
.Sh EXAMPLES
To write some content in your favorite editor and post it to the main mnfst Web
site:
.Pp
.Dl mkmnfst
.Pp
If you have written your opus in a file,
.Pa manifesto.txt ,
and are now ready to publish it:
.Pp
.Dl mkmnfst manifesto.txt
.Pp
To publish to your private mnfst server,
.Li hearmeout.xxx :
.Pp
.Dl mkmnfst -s hearmeout.xxx manifesto.txt
.Pp
If you have multiple PGP keys:
.Pp
.Dl mkmnfst -r 0x2846B014 manifesto.txt
.Pp
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
If presented with a GPGME error, you can get extra debugging information with
the
.Ev GPGME_DEBUG
environment variable.
Make sure that the path to
.Pa gpg
is correct, for example.
.\" For sections 1, 4, 6, 7, 8, and 9 printf/stderr messages only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.\" For sections 2, 3, 4, and 9 errno settings only.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Lk https://mnfst.io/ mnfst
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.Sh AUTHORS
.An -split
.An "Mike Burns" Aq Mt mike@mike-burns.com
.\" .Sh CAVEATS
.\" .Sh BUGS
